docs: update the docs of the prometheus plugin (#3494)
apache/apisix: doc/plugins/prometheus.md

### Available metrics

> * `Status`: HTTP status codes returned by upstream services. These are available per service and across all services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Status`: HTTP status code returned from upstream services. These are available per service and across all services.
```

Reviewer: > These are available per service

🤔 Could this sentence be more clear?

Author: updated.

    Attributes：

    | Name         | Description         |
    | -------------| --------------------|

>     | code         | The HTTP status code returned by the upstream service. |

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2106987/108710114-930e0300-754e-11eb-991b-e03cd62fd648.png)

Status or Code?

Author: `Status` => `Status codes`

>     | route        | The `route_id` of the matched route is requested. If it does not match, the default value is an empty string. |

Reviewer: > The `route_id` of the matched route is requested

requested?

Author: updated.

    | matched_uri  | The `uri` of the route matching the request, if it does not match, the default value is an empty string. |

>     | matched_host | The `hsot` of the route that matches the request. If it does not match, the default value is an empty string. |

Reviewer 2: Typo: `hsot` => `host`.

Author: updated.

>     | service      | The request matches the service_id of the route. If it does not match, the default is host. |

Reviewer 3: "host" should be `$host`? And we use the default value not because "it does not match", but because there is no service id of the matched route.

Author: Yes, the description here is inappropriate.

Author: updated.

    | consumer     | The request matches the consumer_name of the consumer. If it does not match, the default is `""`. |
    | node         | The request hits the ip of the upstream node. |

* `Bandwidth`: Total Bandwidth (egress/ingress) flowing through apisix. This metric is available per service and as a sum across all services.

    Attributes：

    | Name         | Description |
    | -------------| ------------- |
    | type         | The type of bandwidth(egress/ingress). |
    | route        | The route_id of the request to match the route. If it does not match, the default is `""`. |

>     | service      | The request matches the service_id of the route. If it does not match, the default is host. |

Reviewer 3: The service_id of the route matched by the request?

Author: updated.

    | consumer     | The request matches the consumer_name of the consumer. If it does not match, the default is `""`. |

>     | node         | The request hits the ip of the upstream node. |

Reviewer 3: The subject should be the `ip`, not `the request`.

Author: updated.
